Mention app region in custom title bar section (#3386)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/learn/window-customization.mdx

      <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24">
        <path fill="currentColor" d="M19 13H5v-2h14z" /><path>
      </svg>
    </button>
    <button id="titlebar-maximize" title="maximize">
      <!-- https://api.iconify.design/mdi:window-maximize.svg -->
      <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24">
        <path fill="currentColor" d="M4 4h16v16H4zm2 4v10h12V8z" />
      </svg>
    </button>
    <button id="titlebar-close" title="close">
      <!-- https://api.iconify.design/mdi:close.svg -->
      <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24">
        <path
          fill="currentColor"
          d="M13.46 12L19 17.54V19h-1.46L12 13.46L6.46 19H5v-1.46L10.54 12L5 6.46V5h1.46L12 10.54L17.54 5H19v1.46z"
        />
      </svg>
    </button>
  </div>
</div>
```

Note that you may need to move the rest of your content down so that the titlebar doesn't cover it.

:::tip

On Windows, if you just want a title bar that doesn't need custom interactions, you can use

```css
*[data-tauri-drag-region] {
  app-region: drag;
}
```

> to make the title bar work with touch and pens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to make the title bar work with touch and pen input.
``` maybeee?
